So if you guys noticed that sometimes your web server may not take your changes into effect even though
you clear your cache and things like that.
So what you may want to do is actually disable any sort of caching from occurring from the actual Kestral
web server and you can do that by pasting your code inside of this configure method.
Now you can see when I paste this and what I need to do is import the headers that I'm referencing here.
So you can see that now every request is made to the server.
We're not going to cache it anymore.
So I want to show you guys another trick that we can do that this code here is defining our routes here
since it's actually using the default template and the default actually says find the home control or
find the index method and find the ID we can actually replace all of this with just one line of code
just to make things a little bit more concise and make sure that goes after the static files.
But that will do the exact same thing that we saw before is just a little bit more shorthand.
And we'll see later on that when we do want to custom override that behavior we still have the option
of doing so.
But if we fire up the app you can see that it still uses the default index page just like we would normally
expect.
Well I just want to show you also as well that this is actually just automatically defaulting to the
index.
But I do want to show you guys real quickly I did delete the music controller we had from the previous
video because I want to show you in the previous video we had to go through all that work of setting
up the route and getting a form and everything already created for us.
But what I want to show you is that since we have this band object to find which is our model object
we can go out and create a controller that is based off of that model object that does so much of the
work that we just saw in the previous video for us.
And we do that by using the scaffolding that's built in the Visual Studio code or Visual Studio you
have to make sure it's not running right click on controllers were going to say.
And then we're going to add a new controller and then from here you're going to want to say MVC controller
with read write actions and then here we're going to give it the name of our music controller and the
music controller now has all of this and this information that we need so you have the ability to go
to the details page and pass and an ID for whatever sort of musician you want to find.
You can create a new one.
And the best part about this is that when we go to our music controller and we play it on like discreate
we could say add view and it automatically knows it's like OK what are you gonna do.
Grab the create.
OK that's what we want and then we say you know you're going to be creating a band object so by doing
all this it's going to go out and just create the views that we need and it's going to just scaffold
it all out and everything that we need.
And it has some built in stuff that is pretty helpful but you could see it's putting all the labels
on us on this for us.
You can see that it matches up the labels to the inputs and all that.
So there's all this form code you don't have to actually write yourself.
Let me go back here so you do have to create the views of the individual pages like here.
We're going to see you again once again this one.
You just select that we're getting the details of the model class and the model Fosse's band and just
click ADD.
Now most likely the index page is actually going to be the page that lists out all the bands so this
will most likely be out our list lists page of of all the bands here.
So let's go into that.
So we're going to put this as a list and then a list of bands and then we'll use the lay out page.
So now if we fire up our web server and go to the Create page you can see that our labels still aren't
actually working properly.
And I'll show you why in just a moment we'll see that in the next video.
But I do want to show you that these values are all here and everything for us if we wanted to go into
the music you would go into detail and we would say musician one but in our case we don't actually have
that page and it doesn't even know where to find that.
In fact you don't even say that you just pass in the actual ID of the detail that you're trying to get.
Sorry.
The server is not even running.
So when all else fails look at your controller and look at it as look at what it is you're doing.
So obviously I can see that it's going to be music details in order to be able to hit that.
So if I run this music details and then you would pass and whatever sort of idea of the deal you get
you can see that we don't get any sort of value back here.
But if you did have a value this is where you'd want to query it and then return the view with the populated
values.
We'll also see that in future video as well.